packages/components/src/components/post-language-switch/readme.md, before:

# post-language-switch

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property      | Attribute     | Description                                                                                                                                                | Type                     | Default      |
| ------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------ |
| `caption`     | `caption`     | A title for the list of language options                                                                                                                   | `string`                 | `undefined`  |
| `description` | `description` | A descriptive text for the list of language options                                                                                                        | `string`                 | `undefined`  |
| `type`        | `type`        | Variant that determines the rendering of the language switch either as a list (used on mobile in the header) or a dropdown (used on desktop in the header) | `"language" \| "region"` | `'language'` |
| `variant`     | `variant`     | Variant that determines the rendering of the language switch either as a list (used on mobile in the header) or a dropdown (used on desktop in the header) | `"list" \| "menu"`       | `'list'`     |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [post-menu-trigger](../post-menu-trigger)
- [post-icon](../post-icon)
- [post-menu](../post-menu)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  post-language-switch --> post-menu-trigger
  post-language-switch --> post-icon
  post-language-switch --> post-menu
  post-menu --> post-popovercontainer
  style post-language-switch fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

chore: update language-switch docs

packages/components/src/components/post-language-switch/readme.md, after:

# post-language-switch

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property      | Attribute     | Description                                                                                                               | Type                     | Default      |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------ |
| `caption`     | `caption`     | A title for the list of language options                                                                                  | `string`                 | `undefined`  |
| `description` | `description` | A descriptive text for the list of language options                                                                       | `string`                 | `undefined`  |
| `type`        | `type`        | Whether the component is rendered with uppercased text and fix widths or without any text transformation and fluid widths | `"language" \| "region"` | `'language'` |
| `variant`     | `variant`     | Whether the component is rendered as a list or a menu                                                                     | `"list" \| "menu"`       | `'list'`     |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [post-menu-trigger](../post-menu-trigger)
- [post-icon](../post-icon)
- [post-menu](../post-menu)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  post-language-switch --> post-menu-trigger
  post-language-switch --> post-icon
  post-language-switch --> post-menu
  post-menu --> post-popovercontainer
  style post-language-switch fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
