packages/documentation/src/stories/components/forms/radio/radio.docs.mdx, before:

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';
import StylesPackageImport from '@/shared/styles-package-import.mdx';

import * as RadioStories from './radio.stories';

<Meta of={RadioStories} />

<div className="docs-title">
  # Radio

  <nav>
    <link-design of={JSON.stringify(RadioStories)}></link-design>
  </nav>
</div>

<div className="lead">
  Customize the native <code>&lt;input type="radio"&gt;</code> with CSS that changes the element’s
  initial appearance. Consistent, cross-browser and cross-device.
</div>

Our radios use custom icons to indicate checked states.

<Canvas sourceState="shown" of={RadioStories.Default} />
<div className="hide-col-default">
  <Controls of={RadioStories.Default} />
</div>

<StylesPackageImport components={['form-check']} required={{ 'form-feedback': true }} />

## Concrete Examples of Application

The following examples show the different characteristics of the component. These can differ in the type of visualization, the HTML structure, as well as when, how and why they are displayed.

### Sizing

The size can be changed by simply adding a class:

- Small: `.form-check-sm`
- Large: default

<Canvas of={RadioStories.Size} />

### Inline

To render a radio inline, simply add the class `.form-check-inline` to the `.form-check` wrapper element.

<div className="banner banner-info banner-md">
  Remember to wrap your radio groups in a <code>&lt;fieldset&gt;</code> including a{' '}
  <code>&lt;legend&gt;</code> tag. This provides a label for your radio group.
  <br />
  For more information, read our{' '} <a href="/?path=/docs/46da78e8-e83b-4ca1-aaf6-bbc662efef14--docs#grouping">grouping accessibility guide</a>.
</div>

To visually hide the `<legend>` element, use the `.visually-hidden` class.

<Canvas of={RadioStories.Inline} />

### Validation

Simply add the classes `.is-valid` or `.is-invalid` to the `radio` element to show it in the expected state.<br/>
When the component has been validated, don't forget to add a `<p className="valid-feedback">...</p>` or `<p className="invalid-feedback">...</p>` element after the `radio` element to explain what went wrong. This enables the user to correct the mistake.

<Canvas of={RadioStories.Validation} />

Commit message:

feat(styles): implement v2 styles for checkbox, radio-button & switch using tokens (#3965)
Co-authored-by: Philipp Gfeller <1659006+gfellerph@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Alizé Debray <33580481+alizedebray@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Oliver Schürch <oliver.schuerch@post.ch>

packages/documentation/src/stories/components/forms/radio/radio.docs.mdx, after:

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';
import StylesPackageImport from '@/shared/styles-package-import.mdx';

import * as RadioStories from './radio.stories';

<Meta of={RadioStories} />

<div className="docs-title">
  # Radio

  <nav>
    <link-design of={JSON.stringify(RadioStories)}></link-design>
  </nav>
</div>

<div className="lead">
  Customize the native <code>&lt;input type="radio"&gt;</code> with CSS that changes the element’s
  initial appearance. Consistent, cross-browser and cross-device.
</div>

Our radios use custom icons to indicate checked states.

<Canvas sourceState="shown" of={RadioStories.Default} />
<div className="hide-col-default">
  <Controls of={RadioStories.Default} />
</div>

<StylesPackageImport components={['form-check']} required={{ 'form-feedback': true }} />

## Concrete Examples of Application

The following examples show the different characteristics of the component. These can differ in the type of visualization, the HTML structure, as well as when, how and why they are displayed.

### Grouped

To show radio button group, just wrap your radios in a `fieldset`.

<div className="alert alert-info alert-md">
  Don't forget to add also a `<legend>` element.
  You can visually hide the legend using the `.visually-hidden` class if necessary.

  Read more about that topic in our [accessibility docs](/?path=/docs/46da78e8-e83b-4ca1-aaf6-bbc662efef14--docs).
</div>

<Canvas of={RadioStories.Grouped} />

### Inline

To render a radio inline, simply add the class `.form-check-inline` to the `.form-check` wrapper element.

<div className="banner banner-info banner-md">
  Remember to wrap your radio groups in a <code>&lt;fieldset&gt;</code> including a{' '}
  <code>&lt;legend&gt;</code> tag. This provides a label for your radio group.
  <br />
  For more information, read our{' '} <a href="/?path=/docs/46da78e8-e83b-4ca1-aaf6-bbc662efef14--docs#grouping">grouping accessibility guide</a>.
</div>

To visually hide the `<legend>` element, use the `.visually-hidden` class.

<Canvas of={RadioStories.Inline} />

### Validation

Simply add the classes `.is-valid` or `.is-invalid` to the `radio` element to show it in the expected state.<br/>
When the component has been validated, don't forget to add a `<p className="valid-feedback">...</p>` or `<p className="invalid-feedback">...</p>` element after the `radio` element to explain what went wrong. This enables the user to correct the mistake.

<Canvas of={RadioStories.Validation} />
