packages/documentation/src/stories/components/forms/checkbox/checkbox.docs.mdx, before:

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta, Source } from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as checkboxStories from './checkbox.stories';
import StylesPackageImport from '@/shared/styles-package-import.mdx';

<Meta of={checkboxStories} />

<div className="docs-title">
  # Checkbox

  <nav>
    <link-design of={JSON.stringify(checkboxStories)}></link-design>
  </nav>
</div>

<div className="lead">
  Create consistent cross-browser and cross-device checkboxes with our completely custom checks
  component.
</div>

Our checkboxes use custom icons to indicate checked or indeterminate states.

<Canvas sourceState="shown" of={checkboxStories.Default} />
<div className="hide-col-default">
  <Controls of={checkboxStories.Default} />
</div>

<StylesPackageImport components={['form-check']} required={{ 'form-feedback': true }} />

## Examples

### Indeterminate

A checkbox can only be **checked** or **unchecked**.
However, visually, there is a third state: the checkbox can be displayed as **indeterminate**.

Beware,
the indeterminate state is only visual, behind the scenes the checkbox is always either checked or unchecked.
In other words, the indeterminate state hides the actual state of the checkbox.

A possible use case for this state could be a list of checkboxes with a master checkbox that toggles all others,
such as in a folder/subfolder tree where only some subfolders are selected.
For an example,
visit [Accessible Web Designs indeterminate checkbox](http://www.barrierefreies-webdesign.de/knowhow/checkbox/indeterminate.html).

The indeterminate state can only be set via JavaScript and is styled using the `:indeterminate` pseudo-class.

<Source
  code={`document.querySelector('input[type="checkbox"]').indeterminate = true;`}
  language="javascript"
/>

### Sizing

The size can be changed by simply adding a class:

- Small: `.form-check-sm`
- Large: default

<Canvas of={checkboxStories.Size} />

### Inline

To show the checkboxes inline, just add the `.form-check-inline` class to each of the checkboxes.

<div className="banner banner-info banner-md">
  Don't forget to wrap your checkbox group in a `&lt;fieldset&gt;` that includes a `&lt;legend&gt;` element.
  You can then visually hide the legend using the `.visually-hidden` class.

Read more about that topic in our [accessibility docs](/?path=/docs/46da78e8-e83b-4ca1-aaf6-bbc662efef14--docs).

</div>

<Canvas of={checkboxStories.Inline} />

### Validation

To provide feedback to your users about the validation state of a checkbox,
simply add a `.is-valid` or a `.is-invalid` classes to it.

These classes control the display of corresponding feedback messages that should be placed under the input:
`<p className="valid-feedback">...</p>` or `<p className="invalid-feedback">...</p>`.

<Canvas of={checkboxStories.Validation} />

Commit message:

feat(styles): implement v2 styles for checkbox, radio-button & switch using tokens (#3965)
Co-authored-by: Philipp Gfeller <1659006+gfellerph@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Alizé Debray <33580481+alizedebray@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Oliver Schürch <oliver.schuerch@post.ch>

packages/documentation/src/stories/components/forms/checkbox/checkbox.docs.mdx, after:

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta, Source } from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as checkboxStories from './checkbox.stories';
import StylesPackageImport from '@/shared/styles-package-import.mdx';

<Meta of={checkboxStories} />

<div className="docs-title">
  # Checkbox

  <nav>
    <link-design of={JSON.stringify(checkboxStories)}></link-design>
  </nav>
</div>

<div className="lead">
  Create consistent cross-browser and cross-device checkboxes with our completely custom checks
  component.
</div>

Our checkboxes use custom icons to indicate checked or indeterminate states.

<Canvas sourceState="shown" of={checkboxStories.Default} />
<div className="hide-col-default">
  <Controls of={checkboxStories.Default} />
</div>

<StylesPackageImport components={['form-check']} required={{ 'form-feedback': true }} />

## Examples

### Indeterminate

A checkbox can only be **checked** or **unchecked**.
However, visually, there is a third state: the checkbox can be displayed as **indeterminate**.

Beware,
the indeterminate state is only visual, behind the scenes the checkbox is always either checked or unchecked.
In other words, the indeterminate state hides the actual state of the checkbox.

A possible use case for this state could be a list of checkboxes with a master checkbox that toggles all others,
such as in a folder/subfolder tree where only some subfolders are selected.
For an example,
visit [Accessible Web Designs indeterminate checkbox](http://www.barrierefreies-webdesign.de/knowhow/checkbox/indeterminate.html).

The indeterminate state can only be set via JavaScript and is styled using the `:indeterminate` pseudo-class.

<Source
  code={`document.querySelector('input[type="checkbox"]').indeterminate = true;`}
  language="javascript"
/>

### Grouped

To show a checkbox group, just wrap your checkboxes in a `fieldset`.

<div className="alert alert-info alert-md">
  Don't forget to add also a `<legend>` element.
  You can visually hide the legend using the `.visually-hidden` class if necessary.

  Read more about that topic in our [accessibility docs](/?path=/docs/46da78e8-e83b-4ca1-aaf6-bbc662efef14--docs).
</div>

<Canvas of={checkboxStories.Grouped} />

### Inline

To show the checkboxes inline, just add the `.form-check-inline` class to each of the checkboxes.

<div className="banner banner-info banner-md">
  Don't forget to wrap your checkbox group in a `&lt;fieldset&gt;` that includes a `&lt;legend&gt;` element.
  You can then visually hide the legend using the `.visually-hidden` class.

Read more about that topic in our [accessibility docs](/?path=/docs/46da78e8-e83b-4ca1-aaf6-bbc662efef14--docs).

</div>

<Canvas of={checkboxStories.Inline} />

### Validation

To provide feedback to your users about the validation state of a checkbox,
simply add a `.is-valid` or a `.is-invalid` classes to it.

These classes control the display of corresponding feedback messages that should be placed under the input:
`<p className="valid-feedback">...</p>` or `<p className="invalid-feedback">...</p>`.

<Canvas of={checkboxStories.Validation} />
