packages/components/src/components/post-avatar/readme.md, before:

# post-avatar



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property                 | Attribute   | Description                                                                                                                       | Type                 | Default     |
| ------------------------ | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ----------- |
| `email`                  | `email`     | Defines the users email address.                                                                                                  | `string`             | `undefined` |
| `firstname` _(required)_ | `firstname` | Defines the users firstname.                                                                                                      | `string`             | `undefined` |
| `lastname`               | `lastname`  | Defines the users lastname.                                                                                                       | `string`             | `undefined` |
| `size`                   | `size`      | Defines the size of the avatar.                                                                                                   | `"large" \| "small"` | `'large'`   |
| `userid`                 | `userid`    | Defines the company internal userId.<div className="mb-1 alert alert-warning alert-sm">Can only be used on post.ch domains!</div> | `string`             | `undefined` |


## Slots

| Slot        | Description                                  |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `"default"` | Slot for inserting a custom image as avatar. |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(components): update post-avatar to match v2 styles (tokens not yet implemented)

packages/components/src/components/post-avatar/readme.md, after:

# post-avatar



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property                 | Attribute   | Description                                                                                                                       | Type              | Default     |
| ------------------------ | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | ----------- |
| `email`                  | `email`     | Defines the users email address associated with a gravatar profile picture.                                                       | `string`          | `undefined` |
| `firstname` _(required)_ | `firstname` | Defines the users firstname.                                                                                                      | `string`          | `undefined` |
| `lastname`               | `lastname`  | Defines the users lastname.                                                                                                       | `string`          | `undefined` |
| `tag`                    | `tag`       | Defines the tag, the component represents.                                                                                        | `"a" \| "button"` | `null`      |
| `userid`                 | `userid`    | Defines the company internal userId.<div className="mb-1 alert alert-warning alert-sm">Can only be used on post.ch domains!</div> | `string`          | `undefined` |


## Slots

| Slot        | Description                                  |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `"default"` | Slot for inserting a custom image as avatar. |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
