packages/components/src/components/post-language-option/readme.md, before:

# post-language-option



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property            | Attribute | Description                                                                                                                                                 | Type                     | Default     |
| ------------------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ----------- |
| `active`            | `active`  | If set to `true`, the language option is considered the current language for the page.                                                                      | `boolean`                | `undefined` |
| `code` _(required)_ | `code`    | The ISO 639 language code, formatted according to [RFC 5646 (also known as BCP 47)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5646). For example, "de".      | `string`                 | `undefined` |
| `name`              | `name`    | The full name of the language. For example, "Deutsch".                                                                                                      | `string`                 | `undefined` |
| `type`              | `type`    | The type of the post-language-switch parent (dynamically set by the parent)                                                                                 | `"language" \| "region"` | `undefined` |
| `url`               | `url`     | The URL used for the href attribute of the internal anchor. This field is optional; if not provided, a button will be used internally instead of an anchor. | `string`                 | `undefined` |
| `variant`           | `variant` | The variant of the post-language-switch parent (dynamically set by the parent)                                                                              | `"list" \| "menu"`       | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event        | Description                                                                                            | Type                  |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------- |
| `postChange` | An event emitted when the language option is clicked. The payload is the ISO 639 code of the language. | `CustomEvent<string>` |


## Methods

### `select() => Promise<void>`

Selects the language option programmatically.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Slots

| Slot        | Description                                               |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"default"` | Slot for placing the content inside the anchor or button. |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

chore: update language-switch docs

packages/components/src/components/post-language-option/readme.md, after:

# post-language-option



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property            | Attribute | Description                                                                                                                                                                                  | Type                     | Default     |
| ------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ----------- |
| `active`            | `active`  | If set to `true`, the language option is considered the current language for the page.                                                                                                       | `boolean`                | `undefined` |
| `code` _(required)_ | `code`    | The ISO 639 language code, formatted according to [RFC 5646 (also known as BCP 47)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5646). For example, "de".                                       | `string`                 | `undefined` |
| `name`              | `name`    | The full name of the language. For example, "Deutsch".                                                                                                                                       | `string`                 | `undefined` |
| `type`              | `type`    | To communicate the type prop from the parent (post-language-switch) component to the child (post-language-option) component. See parent docs for a description about the property itself.    | `"language" \| "region"` | `undefined` |
| `url`               | `url`     | The URL used for the href attribute of the internal anchor. This field is optional; if not provided, a button will be used internally instead of an anchor.                                  | `string`                 | `undefined` |
| `variant`           | `variant` | To communicate the variant prop from the parent (post-language-switch) component to the child (post-language-option) component. See parent docs for a description about the property itself. | `"list" \| "menu"`       | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event        | Description                                                                                            | Type                  |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------- |
| `postChange` | An event emitted when the language option is clicked. The payload is the ISO 639 code of the language. | `CustomEvent<string>` |


## Methods

### `select() => Promise<void>`

Selects the language option programmatically.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Slots

| Slot        | Description                                               |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"default"` | Slot for placing the content inside the anchor or button. |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
