packages/components/src/components/post-megadropdown/readme.md, before:

# post-megadropdown



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Events

| Event                    | Description                                                                                                                                  | Type                   |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `postToggleMegadropdown` | Emits when the dropdown is shown or hidden. The event payload is a boolean: `true` when the dropdown was opened, `false` when it was closed. | `CustomEvent<boolean>` |


## Methods

### `show(target: HTMLElement) => Promise<void>`

Displays the popover dropdown

#### Parameters

| Name     | Type          | Description                                                                    |
| -------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `target` | `HTMLElement` | - The HTML element relative to which the popover dropdown should be displayed. |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `toggle(target: HTMLElement) => Promise<void>`

Toggles the dropdown visibility based on its current state.

#### Parameters

| Name     | Type          | Description |
| -------- | ------------- | ----------- |
| `target` | `HTMLElement` |             |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [post-popovercontainer](../post-popovercontainer)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  post-megadropdown --> post-popovercontainer
  style post-megadropdown fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

fix(component): remove `post-popovercontainer` from `post-megadropdown` (#4421)
Co-authored-by: Oliver Schürch <oliver.schuerch@post.ch>
Co-authored-by: leagrdv <lea.gardavaud@post.ch>

packages/components/src/components/post-megadropdown/readme.md, after:

# post-megadropdown



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Events

| Event                    | Description                                                                                                                                  | Type                   |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `postToggleMegadropdown` | Emits when the dropdown is shown or hidden. The event payload is a boolean: `true` when the dropdown was opened, `false` when it was closed. | `CustomEvent<boolean>` |


## Methods

### `hide() => Promise<void>`

Hides the dropdown with an animation.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `show() => Promise<void>`

Displays the dropdown.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `toggle() => Promise<void>`

Toggles the dropdown visibility based on its current state.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
