packages/components/src/components/post-accordion-item/readme.md, before:

# post-accordion-item



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property       | Attribute       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Type                         | Default     |
| -------------- | --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `collapsed`    | `collapsed`     | If `true`, the element is collapsed otherwise it is displayed.                                                                                                                                                               | `boolean`                    | `false`     |
| `headingLevel` | `heading-level` | <span style="color:red">**[DEPRECATED]**</span> set the `heading-level` property on the parent `post-accordion` instead.<br/><br/>Defines the hierarchical level of the accordion item header within the headings structure. | `1 \| 2 \| 3 \| 4 \| 5 \| 6` | `undefined` |


## Methods

### `toggle(force?: boolean) => Promise<boolean>`

Triggers the collapse programmatically.

#### Parameters

| Name    | Type      | Description |
| ------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `force` | `boolean` |             |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<boolean>`




## Slots

| Slot        | Description                                                         |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"default"` | Slot for placing content within the accordion item's body.          |
| `"header"`  | Slot for placing custom content within the accordion item's header. |


## Shadow Parts

| Part               | Description |
| ------------------ | ----------- |
| `"accordion-item"` |             |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [post-collapsible-trigger](../post-collapsible-trigger)
- [post-collapsible](../post-collapsible)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  post-accordion-item --> post-collapsible-trigger
  post-accordion-item --> post-collapsible
  style post-accordion-item fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(components): implemented accordion styles using tokens  (#3858)
Co-authored-by: Alizé Debray <33580481+alizedebray@users.noreply.github.com>

packages/components/src/components/post-accordion-item/readme.md, after:

# post-accordion-item



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property       | Attribute       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Type                         | Default     |
| -------------- | --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `collapsed`    | `collapsed`     | If `true`, the element is collapsed otherwise it is displayed.                                                                                                                                                               | `boolean`                    | `false`     |
| `headingLevel` | `heading-level` | <span style="color:red">**[DEPRECATED]**</span> set the `heading-level` property on the parent `post-accordion` instead.<br/><br/>Defines the hierarchical level of the accordion item header within the headings structure. | `1 \| 2 \| 3 \| 4 \| 5 \| 6` | `undefined` |


## Methods

### `toggle(force?: boolean) => Promise<boolean>`

Triggers the collapse programmatically.

#### Parameters

| Name    | Type      | Description |
| ------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `force` | `boolean` |             |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<boolean>`




## Slots

| Slot        | Description                                                         |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"default"` | Slot for placing content within the accordion item's body.          |
| `"header"`  | Slot for placing custom content within the accordion item's header. |
| `"logo"`    | Slot for the placing a logo before the header.                      |


## Shadow Parts

| Part               | Description |
| ------------------ | ----------- |
| `"accordion-item"` |             |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [post-collapsible-trigger](../post-collapsible-trigger)
- [post-icon](../post-icon)
- [post-collapsible](../post-collapsible)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  post-accordion-item --> post-collapsible-trigger
  post-accordion-item --> post-icon
  post-accordion-item --> post-collapsible
  style post-accordion-item fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
