packages/components/src/components/post-popovercontainer/readme.md, before:

# post-popover



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property    | Attribute   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Type                                                                                                                                                                 | Default |
| ----------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| `arrow`     | `arrow`     | Wheter or not to display a little pointer arrow                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                            | `false` |
| `edgeGap`   | `edge-gap`  | Gap between the edge of the page and the popover                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `number`                                                                                                                                                             | `8`     |
| `placement` | `placement` | Defines the placement of the tooltip according to the floating-ui options available at https://floating-ui.com/docs/computePosition#placement. Tooltips are automatically flipped to the opposite side if there is not enough available space and are shifted towards the viewport if they would overlap edge boundaries. | `"bottom" \| "bottom-end" \| "bottom-start" \| "left" \| "left-end" \| "left-start" \| "right" \| "right-end" \| "right-start" \| "top" \| "top-end" \| "top-start"` | `'top'` |


## Events

| Event        | Description                                                                                          | Type                   |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `postToggle` | Fires whenever the popover gets shown or hidden, passing the new state in event.details as a boolean | `CustomEvent<boolean>` |


## Methods

### `hide() => Promise<void>`

Programmatically hide this tooltip

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `show(target: HTMLElement) => Promise<void>`

Programmatically display the tooltip

#### Parameters

| Name     | Type          | Description                                                                  |
| -------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `target` | `HTMLElement` | An element with [data-tooltip-target="id"] where the tooltip should be shown |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `toggle(target: HTMLElement, force?: boolean) => Promise<boolean>`

Toggle tooltip display

#### Parameters

| Name     | Type          | Description                                                                  |
| -------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `target` | `HTMLElement` | An element with [data-tooltip-target="id"] where the tooltip should be shown |
| `force`  | `boolean`     | Pass true to always show or false to always hide                             |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<boolean>`




## Slots

| Slot | Description                                                   |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
|      | Default slot for placing content inside the popovercontainer. |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [post-megadropdown](../post-megadropdown)
 - [post-menu](../post-menu)
 - [post-popover](../post-popover)
 - [post-tooltip](../post-tooltip)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  post-megadropdown --> post-popovercontainer
  post-menu --> post-popovercontainer
  post-popover --> post-popovercontainer
  post-tooltip --> post-popovercontainer
  style post-popovercontainer fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

chore(components): added optional safe space to `post-popovercontainer`

packages/components/src/components/post-popovercontainer/readme.md, after:

# post-popover



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property    | Attribute    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Type                                                                                                                                                                 | Default     |
| ----------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `arrow`     | `arrow`      | Wheter or not to display a little pointer arrow                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                            | `false`     |
| `edgeGap`   | `edge-gap`   | Gap between the edge of the page and the popover                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `number`                                                                                                                                                             | `8`         |
| `placement` | `placement`  | Defines the placement of the tooltip according to the floating-ui options available at https://floating-ui.com/docs/computePosition#placement. Tooltips are automatically flipped to the opposite side if there is not enough available space and are shifted towards the viewport if they would overlap edge boundaries. | `"bottom" \| "bottom-end" \| "bottom-start" \| "left" \| "left-end" \| "left-start" \| "right" \| "right-end" \| "right-start" \| "top" \| "top-end" \| "top-start"` | `'top'`     |
| `safeSpace` | `safe-space` | Enables a safespace through which the cursor can be moved without the popover being disabled                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `"trapezoid" \| "triangle"`                                                                                                                                          | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event        | Description                                                                                          | Type                   |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `postToggle` | Fires whenever the popover gets shown or hidden, passing the new state in event.details as a boolean | `CustomEvent<boolean>` |


## Methods

### `hide() => Promise<void>`

Programmatically hide this tooltip

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `show(target: HTMLElement) => Promise<void>`

Programmatically display the tooltip

#### Parameters

| Name     | Type          | Description                                                                  |
| -------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `target` | `HTMLElement` | An element with [data-tooltip-target="id"] where the tooltip should be shown |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `toggle(target: HTMLElement, force?: boolean) => Promise<boolean>`

Toggle tooltip display

#### Parameters

| Name     | Type          | Description                                                                  |
| -------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `target` | `HTMLElement` | An element with [data-tooltip-target="id"] where the tooltip should be shown |
| `force`  | `boolean`     | Pass true to always show or false to always hide                             |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<boolean>`




## Slots

| Slot | Description                                                   |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
|      | Default slot for placing content inside the popovercontainer. |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [post-megadropdown](../post-megadropdown)
 - [post-menu](../post-menu)
 - [post-popover](../post-popover)
 - [post-tooltip](../post-tooltip)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  post-megadropdown --> post-popovercontainer
  post-menu --> post-popovercontainer
  post-popover --> post-popovercontainer
  post-tooltip --> post-popovercontainer
  style post-popovercontainer fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
